In this lab's about static Web sites on S3. So you can host a static Web site in a bucket
on S3.
You can't use dynamic web sites or any kind of server side scripting.
Now let's look at how we do this so we're going to create a bucket called DCT static web site
and then I'm going to go into that bucket and I'm going to upload a couple of files.
Now you need an era and an index file and these are HTML documents.
These are very basic nothing fancy but just to show you how this works.
So then click on upload and then what we need to do is we need to enable public access for this bucket.
So I have the code here to do that.
We're just gonna put a bucket policy in here to enable public access that enables public read forget
bucket objects.
Now if we hit save again Access Denied say you're a member you have to go to disable the local public
access.
So we're gonna go in here.
We're gonna disable and confirm
and then we can come back to our bucket policy and put it in and it's got the correct ARN and click
on Save
we then go to properties static web site hosting and we enable users buckets haste static web site and
you can see here the end point that we can use.
So it's the bucket name s3-Web site and then it's got the region name and we just need to
specify what our files are here.
So I'm just gonna confirm those names and I'm going to copy this year out in my browser so let's give
this guy we can open up a new tab and I'm going to paste the URL in and there we go.
That's what I was hoping to see.
So it just says "Hi this is a static Web site".
So that's the way you can do it.
And that's using the you URL you just saw which is an S3 URL.
You can also use a custom URL.
So let's do that now to do a custom your URL you actually need to name your bucket the name of your
domain names and mine and dctlabs.com.
So that's the bucket I'm going to create
and we're gonna go through the same procedure I'm gonna upload my index and my error file
I'm gonna go to block public access and switch that off.
Going to get a bucket bucket policy and just copy my code in again.
And this time I need to change the ARN so I'm going to copy the end of my bucket and paste that in
and we can click save
and we get the warning so they're very good.
Now making sure that it's very very obvious that you enabled public access to your bucket.
You know there are warnings all over the place.
So we've got properties and we're going to enable site at Web site again
to specify the name of your files and let's copy this URL and click on save.
So we should now be able to connect to this using the S3 URL and sure enough that works.
But what I want to do now is going to Route 53 and we're going to create a record set and it's
gonna be an alias and the alias is going to point towards the bucket so you can see here we have S3
website endpoints and it's actually found our dctlabs.com so we click on Create so let's head over
to a new tab now and type dctlabs.com and there we go we get the index file showing that this is
a static Web site.
So that's really yep it's very simple you just create an alias record for the alias target which in
this case is the Web site endpoint your bucket must be the same name as your domain.
So in this case dctlabs.com there's also a way of doing a redirect.
So if you have www.dctlabs.com as well as people coming directly to dctlabs.com
and there's an article on the AWS Web site which can walk you through that and I'll just put that one
up on the screen now
so if you want detailed instructions have a look for setting up a static web site using a custom domain
Maxwell buckets.
I've finished with these now so I can go in and delete the bucket and when you delete the bucket it
asks you to enter the name of the bucket so you have to enter it exactly as it is
now I'm going to do the same for the dctlabs.com bucket
and then the final thing for cleaning up is just to remove the record set so that's set for static web
sites.
Just one more thing to note.
You can also put a cloudfront distribution in front of S3 so that it can cache your content around the
world.
And that's something that we're going to cover in another lab when we get to the cloudfront section.